<!-- # OpenAPI generated server

Spring Boot Server 


## Overview  
This server was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://openapis.org), you can easily generate a server stub.
This is an example of building a OpenAPI-enabled server in Java using the SpringBoot framework.

The underlying library integrating OpenAPI to SpringBoot is [springfox](https://github.com/springfox/springfox)

Start your server as a simple java application

You can view the api documentation in swagger-ui by pointing to  
http://localhost:8080/

Change default port value in application.properties -->

# WaCoDiS Data Access API

This projects implements a REST API that persists and manages all relevant data within the KomMonitor project.

**Table of Content**
<!-- TOC depthFrom:1 depthTo:6 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:0 orderedList:0 -->
Create a nice table of content, please.

<!-- /TOC -->

## WaCoDiS Project Information
General project information

### Architecture Overview
* Architekturdiagramm
* Brief archictecture description

## Overview  
* Brief component description
* OpenAPI Specification
* Utilized technologies

## Installation / Building Information
* installation information (maven build, etc.)

### Configuration
* configuration information
* configuration paramaters in application.yml  
uri scheme must match *http://host:port*

### Deployment
This section describes deployment scenarios, options and preconditions.
#### Preconditions
* A instance of [elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch) must be available.  
* When running data access as part of the WaCoDiS system, a running instance of [RabbitMQ message broker](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) must be available. Otherwise communication with other WaCoDis components fails.  
  
The server addresses are [configurable](#configuration).  
  
 * If configuration should be fetched from Configuration Server a running instance of [WaCoDiS Config Server](https://github.com/WaCoDiS/config-server) must be available.
## User Guide
### Run Data Access
Data Access is a Spring Boot application. Run *org.openapitools.OpenAPI2SpringBoot.java* to start the application.
### Elasticsearch Index Initialization
During the start up process, data access automatically initializes a search index that indexes metadata (DataEnvelopes) for available data sets. The index settings are defined in a json file which is by default */main/resources/elasticsearch_indexsettings.json*. The mappings section of this file should not be altered because data access needs an index that matches those specifications. The location of the index settings file is [configurable](#configuration).  
If index intitialization fails because of a connection error it is retried after a timeout. The max. number of retries and the timeout is [configurable](#configuration). This configuration parameters can be used in deployment scenarios (for example docker compose) if elasticsearch is not available before data access is started.

## Contribution - Developer Information
This section contains information for developers.

### How to Contribute
#### Extending Data Access
##### New Types of DataEnvelope and SubsetDefinition
Data Access must be modified if new types of DataEnvelope or SubsetDefintion are added to [Wacodis schemas](https://github.com/WaCoDiS/apis-and-workflows/blob/master/openapi/src/main/definitions/wacodis-schemas.yml) in order to support the newly introduced data types. See the Wiki for further information.

### Branching
The master branch provides sources for stable builds. The develop branch represents the latest (maybe unstable) state of development.

### License and Third Party Lib POM Plugins
[optional]

## Contact
|    Name   |   Organization    |    Mail    |
| :-------------: |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Sebastian Drost | Bochum University of Applied Sciences | sebastian.drost@hs-bochum.de |
| Arne Vogt | Bochum University of Applied Sciences | arne.vogt@hs-bochum.de |
| Andreas Wytzisk  | Bochum University of Applied Sciences | andreas.wytzisk@hs-bochum.de |
| Matthes Rieke | 52째 North GmbH | m.rieke@52north.org |

## Credits and Contributing Organizations
- Department of Geodesy, Bochum University of Applied Sciences, Bochum
- 52째 North Initiative for Geospatial Open Source Software GmbH, M체nster
- Wupperverband, Wuppertal
- EFTAS Fernerkundung Technologietransfer GmbH, M체nster

The research project WaCoDiS is funded by the BMVI as part of the mFund programme
